Hello everyone and welcome to this python tutorial in the previous with you.
We defined our A.I. trader class and now it's time to build its brain our neural network.
So let's start defining the function called model builder.
And it doesn't take any arguments just provide keyword self let's define the model with our DNA.
Dot carries dot models dot sequential.
And now we have to define our model for this task.
Our states are nothing more than previous end days and stock prices over those days.
Our state is nothing more here than a vector of numbers and we can simply use a fully connected network
or dense network let's define the first layer model dot add in here we will add our first dance layer
with d don't care US DOT the layers dot dance and now we have to specify a few arguments for the later
the first one is how many units or neurons we have in that layer I found this architecture on the give
help so we'll now check it if it works or not in the first layer set units to 32 and the activation
function to Rallo we will have free hidden layers inside our network so to complete the model faster
let's copy the first one and paste it below two more times.
Now we have free same layers let's perform some changes in the second layer change number of units from
32 to 64 and the last hidden layer set one hundred and twenty eight units but now there is a one piece
missing and that is our input shape from the first layer.
So the first layer add input them is equal to self-doubt state size and that is basically it for our
model in the next video we will define our output layer and compile the network stay tuned for that
and if you have any questions or comments so far please post them in the comments section otherwise
I'll see in the next tutorial.